do you want to see my presentation
hell yeah baby you don't it's terrible
this is like something that someone with
adhd made i'm telling you yeah
do you see me now yes how are you bro
i am great bro what's going on bro um
i am getting over side effects from a
cova vaccine
which is not fun
wait wait wait wait wait you already got
the covet vaccine
yeah how'd you get it so fast
i'm a physician i'm group 1a
but you don't even if you're don't you
just sit at home you're not a
like the don't aren't positions just
doing stuff online through like skype
absolutely so why would it why would it
be important
for me to be
immune from covet if i'm not seeing
patients
great question
correct right so what happens if i get
sick
this if i end up in the icu for a month
what happens
then you need to see a doctor and then
it's just an ongoing problem
more importantly what happens to all of
my patients who are more suicidal
because
kovit is making life worse
who takes care of them if i'm sick
destiny i don't know yeah that's the
problem man so i i thought about it for
a little while and i was talking to my
friends about it because i was like
i'm not actually front line i don't
physically see patients
and then i realize like i literally
cannot afford to get sick
yeah i get that my you know people are
especially college students is who i see
at the worst end where like
people are way worse like college
students are really struggling
um i don't know exactly what it is but
we'll see
well they're probably depressed that
their college careers are already
like let's say if you're a senior or
freshman or something in the middle even
it's your college career
has essentially like people think of
college like the best years of your life
and then when you go to college and all
of a sudden for the
past year maybe even two years you're
just
wasting away and you're ruining your
whole college experience
yeah i think that's certainly a part of
it um
i think people find it incredibly
isolating because a lot of college like
you know you get a lot of support from
your people
and not being able to see people and
stuff like that i think has been tough
i don't know if you've ever tried to you
know take do class
entirely through zoom and without
interacting with professors and things
like that but that's rough man
just zoom all day every day yeah
i've done online classes but i didn't do
zoom that sounds absolutely brutal i
feel like at first it sounds fantastic
and then after like
the first couple weeks have you ever
seen the squidward thing where
squidward's really happy and then he
gets really upset
because he's a squidward is a
spongebob character or what ah crap yeah
we're completely off
yeah it's a spongebob character pretty
much he's like
in the ballpark yeah you're right you're
right there's no ballparks in spongebob
though but
he uh pretty much sponge or squidward
he's like
really happy that he has this like life
and then he just gets really depressed
after like two weeks because he's like
this sucks
hmm is that something you identify with
no not at all i'm actually i actually i
have big news i
so after i talked to you last which was
about over a year ago
um around a year ago i was on sri's
20 milligram lexapro and now i'm not on
it anymore
i'm completely off of it i went from 20
to 10 to five and now i'm at none
how do you understand that that i'm off
of it
yeah how did that happen good for you
um well i said to my you know
actually maya said it to me she's like
why are you on this if you're not
depressed
and i'm like yeah i guess you're right
and i
i really wasn't depressed anymore um
but i felt like i had a cotton ball in
my head for like the past
12 months
yeah fuzzy no i'm like my grandma died i
was like all right whatever
my you know people died i'm like
whatever
like it it's i didn't really get to
experience the emotional
waves because there just felt like there
was a cotton ball stuck in my head for
the past 12 months
and it's still there it's not going to
go away for at least a few more months
right
i i don't know are you suggesting the
cotton ball was due to the the
medication
yeah i mean 20 milligrams was a lot it
was
true i felt it but i don't know how long
does lexical last in your system
uh usually i think about an average of
like eight weeks
so if we think about the therapeutic
effect of ssris
they take about eight weeks to fully get
active in your brain
and so i think about that as sort of the
minimum amount of time that they sort of
stay with you
and and i mean i've had some people who
you know will take months
to kind of get better other people will
will get better in like a couple of
weeks actually
so it just depends on the person hmm did
you
i i assume you since you talked about
doing a taper i assumed that your
prescriber was aware that you were
coming off of the medication yeah yeah
i i told him he i mean he was really i
mean
i like went in there and he's just like
you're depressed and i'm like huh and he
just gave me ssris and then
i'm like i want to get off of this he's
like just cut them in half i'm like okay
um very
i don't know if he has takes ssris but
he was very unemotional with it he was
just like
get in get out just next um that's okay
i mean it worked i i it solved my
problems for about a year
and then uh so that was good and
i i did get off of this two days ago
and i still feel it for sure but i just
hope to have
some emotional pull with stuff compared
to what i did
but yeah it also makes me lack
creativity as much as i used to
i hate that yeah that sounds
like the medication cost you a lot
yeah it cost me a lot but it helped me a
lot because i was in a really i mean
i don't know if you remember but i was i
went to a ward i
with the depersonalization issues and it
kind of just like put a cotton ball on
my head it was just like stop
and i'm like all right so it did help it
it almost numbed the pain it was like a
it
like put a band-aid on it but uh
it didn't really heal it but now i feel
a lot better
how do you think so it sounds like you
got healed
uh yeah i i i feel like i've gotten
healed i feel a lot better
i feel like i've went from this
uh i mean i still have a lot of problems
for sure
i mean i'm a streamer for one but i
i do have a lot of problems but i think
um
i i do i'm not depressed anymore that's
for sure i i don't think i'm depressed
i don't think i i don't have any anxiety
i i i really bad anxiety where i would
just
wake up in the middle it was really at
night i don't i don't know if it's a
common thing
if it but people having anxiety only at
night
in their sleep or before they go to bed
that's all i never had anxiety during
the day
it was i didn't care about that i only
had it before i went to bed or dirt
while i was sleeping i would have
anxiety what um
miss if what would you wake up worrying
about in the middle of the night
that's the thing really nothing i i
didn't really worry or care about any
my stomach would just start feeling like
it's it's doing 360s and
i i felt pain in my stomach and i'm like
i don't know what this anxiety is from
yeah it was really bad it's not very
physiologic anxiety as opposed to a
cognitive anxiety like it was in your
body as opposed to your mind
is there is there a big difference i
guess there's a big difference what is
it what does it mean
like isn't i feel it more than yeah so i
think
you know it's funny because anxiety is
getting worse like
in the world so more people are getting
diagnosed with anxiety more people are
getting treated with anxiety the number
of people diagnosed as climbing over
time and so if we think about it like
you were about to say something no i was
gonna wonder why you think that
yeah it's an interesting question right
so like do illnesses just sort of like
especially mental health issues do they
just sort of randomly get worse like
what's going on
um oddly enough i think part of the
reason that it's happening in this
country is because we think about
anxiety as a psychiatric problem right
like we're like if you have anxiety like
go see a therapist whereas the funny
thing is that when we sort of remove the
body from the equation
then we run into people like yourself
where you go talk to a therapist
and they're gonna ask you about your
thoughts and your feelings
but you know clinical social workers
psychologists they're not going to be
like
they don't know anything about the body
and when i hear a story like this
it reminds me that you know anxiety has
two roots
it can be rooted in your body or it can
be rooted in your mind
and the two connect with each other but
i think part of the reason that
in a sense people are getting more
anxious is because we're leaving out
half of our solutions because half of
the solutions for
anxiety actually rely reside in the body
not the mind
[Music]
i see that that makes sense so you have
a physiologic anxiety so i think you
know talking about your emotions and
talking about your feelings and doing
therapy will probably help
because that is going to affect your
body it's going to lower your stress
levels it's going to lower your cortisol
things like that that will affect your
stomach
sure but if you've got you know
primarily a physical problem then
sometimes what you need is primarily a
physical solution
it's either like working out working out
is
a part of it but that's a very
untargeted solution
right so if you had like issues in your
stomach i'd say that's what you should
start with so
you know are you constipated uh
i used to be when i was a kid i used to
take uh
suppositories yeah so how are your bowel
movements now
squeaky clean i think how many how many
do you have one every day
um
i'd say about let me know if i ask you
any questions that you're uncomfortable
answering
there's nothing you could say that i
care about uh let me ask you next
question floaters or sinkers does your
poop float or does it sink
um good question i usually try to just
like flush and get the hell out of there
but i would say probably most of the
time it's it's it's
a log okay okay i remember last time he
told me to get this pill that
uh can help me with my uh began with the
sea i think it was
to try to help that certainly sounds
like medical advice i doubt i would do
that
oh okay i don't remember what it was i
said i don't know
what did i tell you i don't or maybe
have something like you put in your
drink or something
um i forgot i thought it began with the
letter c
did i tell you to take fenugreek seeds
oh that's a yeah
yeah so this is where um
you know biscuits so in ayurveda they
think that most of the
problems in our mind actually start in
our bowels
and there's growing evidence of this
actually as bizarre as that sounds
there are even trials where they'll do
stool transplants
so what they'll do is they'll take like
stool from
one organism that doesn't have anxiety
and they'll give that so they'll
transplant that stool into another
organism
and then the the recipient of the
transplant will like
feel better do you think that's because
the stool is
like it's like what they're eating yeah
absolutely
so so here's so here's what happens so
like our bowels
have bacteria right and
the bacteria are going to be selected
for based on
what i put into my stomach so one
bacteria is going to be really good at
digesting
twinkies and the other bacteria is going
to be really good at digesting broccoli
and what happens is when we eat a bunch
of twinkies we're select we're feeding
the twinkie bacteria
so that grows in our gut and then when
we eat a bunch of broccoli that grows
the bacteria
the broccoli bacteria and what we found
is that
actually we have a very symbiotic
relationship with bacteria and they
produce lots of compounds that sort of
like
you know go into our bloodstream and
stuff like that some kinds of bacteria
also cause more inflammation
and there are even some trials for
example that are exploring the use of
anti-inflammatory
agents like ibuprofen or advil for
depression
wow yeah so it's like all interconnected
and basically what people have found is
that people who have low anxiety for
example
have two kinds of bacteria in their gut
and people who have high anxiety have a
different two kinds of bacteria
so there's like pro-anxiety bacteria and
there's anti-anxiety bacteria
and if you think about how do you switch
from pro-anxiety bacteria to
anti-anxiety bacteria
one could be a stool transplant but the
other way you can do it is by altering
your diet
and this is what the folks in the
ayurvedic folks basically figured out
is that there are some kinds of foods
that you can eat that'll lower your
anxiety level
is one of them broccoli let me think
about that
i'm sure it won't hurt
i'd say the key thing about broccoli
would be to eat it cooked
if you want to lower your anxiety based
on ayurvedic theory
that's interesting yeah i could
definitely see that because a lot of
times when i had anxiety was
i felt it in my gut but i don't know if
that's related at all
but i actually have a question for you
so yeah shoot
i still have a problem and i don't know
how to solve it
and it's every day i deal with this i've
been dealing with my entire life
um i don't know what to do with my adhd
uh when it comes to
you know like a kaleidoscope
i feel like that's how i view life at
all times and i'm not
really there it feels like i'm just
watching it's like it's like life is a
movie and i'm like
watching it i don't know how to describe
it but i never feel like i'm actually
like
mentally there enjoying moments because
there's a lot of times where i should be
really happy
or a lot of times where um
[Music]
it it's like my body's there i'm like
and i could talk it's not like i'm like
you know
in like the avatar state or something
where i can't talk i could talk and i
could do everything but i just
mentally i feel like i'm in another
world where are you
uh thinking honestly what
i don't know um about random things
he'll be
just a lot of random things and i'm not
really sure exactly what usually those
things are
but we have a question where are you
from are you from california
i'm from texas dude wait you're in texas
yeah wait what oh
because the the quality of the camera's
horrible and i thought it's because
i was in texas i don't know where it is
i don't i don't know seems fine to me
but are you in dallas no i'm in houston
or near houston
ah but yeah i see my example of
my adhd it's therapist i don't even know
what that would be yeah but let me ask
you something
so let's let's you said this has been
going on your entire life so you're
saying that your
body and parts of your mind will
participate
in regular life but that your attention
is somewhere else yes 100
um you've like you've turned on auto run
and your character
is just that that's that's actually
exactly how it feels
it feels like i am not there but
i i get everything done like i'll
stop and sometimes i'll be saying to
myself like how the hell am i doing this
like i'll be like in a run in speed
running in mario and i'll be like
under by two minutes and i'll be like
how am i even i'm not even paying
attention like
what the hell is going on and or i do
feel like i'm almost doing life
on auto and i don't and it's
like that my whole life it's not just
because now i
i can just turn on the stream and people
are there it's my whole life i feel like
it's been auto
my whole life i feel like i've been um
[Music]
i've never really gotten to enjoy the
moment and it just has that kaleidoscope
feeling
where it just feels like a billion
things are going on
and i don't i never know how to just
focus and enjoy like
i want to be able to just sit there look
outside and just feel like i'm
actually there enjoying the sun and i've
never ever
been able to do that even when i i like
um
i have like a really nice sunset at my
house it just i see it all the time and
i never really get to enjoy it because
there's always stuff going on
my head or then all of a sudden even if
i'm not thinking of anything crazy
some song will start playing like in the
back of my head just
music songs um
anything it's very odd and i i don't
know what to do
so what i'm hearing you say is that
you're not able to be present
and that you've never been able to be
present yeah i've never really
been able to be present at all and i
think that also
not being present really affects the
ability for me to
uh my ability not to present makes me
have a lack of of memory with a lot of
these things because
yeah i'm there and i'm talking to you
but my brain's in six different places
like right now i'm listening
while i'm talking to you there's like
three songs going to back my head
a tick tock that maya showed me maya
making me food and i'm thinking about
the fact that there's a guy coming with
my furniture in about 30 minutes it's
like i'm not
i'm here but i want to be present like
and i feel like i'm not fully present
have you ever been present
in your entire life really
i've have had terrible adhd and a lot of
times
uh when i'm not present it's usually me
trying to think of the next thing to say
that will make someone laugh
um it's it's usually yeah
it's usually me trying to be what can i
say or do
you ever taken a road trip and you
really really really needed to pee
yes and then when you actually pee
where's your mind in that moment where
you start
kissing are you still doing like five or
six things in your head
i don't think so i don't i don't
remember fully but i'm gonna assume no
so where is your attention then fully on
the piss
but that's because it matters right well
hold on a second
why it happens we'll figure out later
first question is does it happen
um yes it does happen where you're
fully central focused on one thing and i
i guess that
i was gonna say that happens when you're
working out but even then i remember
lifting like stuff
and um while i'm benching i'll be like
you know thinking of stupid stuff i'm
like why am i thinking of this i should
just focus on the weights
uh but yeah it does happen with the piss
i think
it's it's more so i guess that's a very
why that happens i'm assuming just
because it's
the most important thing for humans at
the time because we're
it's like our bowels moving i don't know
yeah it's it's interesting right so
let like we'll we'll figure out how to
get you there miss kiff
um but the first thing is to recognize
that you actually can be present at
times
so um but you know i'm what i'm hearing
you say is that it's practically very
hard
it's so hard and
yeah it's really hard to be present
seems like that's cost you a lot oh yeah
it's
i mean i you know all you can have all
the success in the world but
when you don't get to enjoy it it's
rough and i mean um
it's not even then it's it's uh
i it goes to the thing with the memory
problem i mean i don't remember
a single thing from my childhood not a
single my friends would be like oh
remember this
remember we did this my brother will say
stuff my sister will say stuff people
say stuff
i don't remember any of it my parents
will talk about times when we went to
the water park
i don't remember we went to a water park
my parents would talk about this
you know um my grandma recently died
i don't remember anything from her house
i remember her house i remember
you know one or two things but
i don't remember as much as i wish i did
i don't remember
a lot of the things and partially i i
wish i took more pictures
when i was younger uh but i didn't
because i had acne but
i partially think that it's because i
just i'm not i wasn't there in the
present moment thinking about it i was
thinking about other things or my future
or problems i don't know being in the
present's very hard for me it just is
yeah
and i'm also kind of noticing that it
really has cost you a lot it's almost
like your brain is like
you know a colander that's just like
leaking memories
and then you're sort of not left with
anything
yeah it doesn't feel and i i mean
yeah i mean and partially it you know
there's pros and cons to everything in
life
and one of the pros of that is i forget
everything so fast
so if something bad happens to me i
forget it in 20 minutes and i'm like
whatever
you know next thing so it's it's easier
in that way where i forget everything
but at the same time you don't really
have a lot of memories or like
like i played world of warcraft for 10
years
and i don't remember a single thing
let me ask you something if you is there
some something that happened to you that
you
really that some part of your mind
thought it was really important to
forget
like a childhood experience
it's interesting you kind of said that
you forget everything easily which is an
upside so i'm kind of curious
how has that helped you uh oh how it's
helped me to forget things
uh
i don't know like i mean like i guess an
example i could think of right now is
because of chat or like twitch chat like
let's say someone makes me really mad
uh a lot of times like i'll hear my
friends say that like oh
you know twitch was chat was terrible
today blah blah blah
and yeah sometimes my chat could get bad
too everyone scan and when it happens
for my chat for for me
i i forget about it in 20 minutes i
don't remember like oh that happened
like so let me ask you something in a
different way mskiff
if you didn't forget everything in 20
minutes what would your mind be like
what would have what would you have held
on to
memories yeah so good memories any
particular bad ones
hmm wait i realize it's kind of weird
because i'm asking you to remember that
which you
have forgot yeah and you're in a
reasonable situation i remember a lot of
bad memories with my
family not a lot of good ones though i
don't remember a lot of the good times i
just remember a lot of like
oh this person died i remember what
happened when this person died
or this guy died i don't really remember
when we had fun i just remember when he
died
or like my my dog died like a couple
months ago and i'm like
i don't remember and i remember all the
bad times like i had to go
catch him because he was in the highway
running around or
uh jumping on my neighbors and them
threatening to sue us
but i don't remember the times where you
just hang out i don't remember any of it
all i remember is him being horrible
so how do you understand that that it
seems like you actually hold on to a lot
of the bad
very little of the good yeah i don't
know
maybe it's because i i
i don't know why i do that but yeah i do
that i i think of a lot of the bad but
not the good
maybe it's because i'm
uh i don't know this might miss maybe a
stretch but
i'm very future like i i care a lot
about my future
i've always been like that like since a
young age i've always been caring about
you know what my future's gonna be like
when i'm like 30 or 40 or 50.
that's what i've cared about a lot is my
future not necessarily
my present like all
uh whether i like i was at a young age
and i was investing in stocks
i was saving money to invest in stocks
uh and
that kind of stuff so
help me understand you cared so much
about the future
why did you care so why do you care so
much uh
my parents made me tell me about that
their their accountants i mean their
their typical nine to five
go to work hate your job hate your life
mundane uh wake up at six in the morning
give your kids your food go to work at
eight o'clock
get home by six o'clock sit down watch
you know
cnn and go to bed by nine i mean it's a
very mundane boring life
and that's partially i became a streamer
because i saw that life and i'm like
god i don't want to be you because uh
you know i i know that they had a lot of
things that they really cared about and
a lot of things that they really wanted
to become and they
they never did any of it because they
were just stuck in their nine to five
jobs they never tried anything in life
sounds like yeah you weren't going to be
destined to be like that
well i actually was for a while i was
going to go to this place called
vanguard
and because i took a lot of adderall and
i was like
i took a lot of adderall i almost became
like a different person from taking it i
took it for six years
and i said to myself
like you know what i'll i'll i'll
do this route of life it's not bad
a job the nine to five is not a bad life
but
where's your mind right now i'm playing
with this thing
where's your mind though
or is it how i'm on telling the story
i'm trying to like
think of the story in my head it's like
it's like trying to like reach in my
head and
grab a story out of a out of a
container i don't know i i'm trying to
think of it it's hard yep yep so
let's pause because i think there's
something important here okay so
i i would say that oddly enough this is
the most focused you've been
since we've started talking yeah it's
because i started playing with this i'm
when i'm when i usually am playing with
something i'm
i'm focused more good how do you
understand that
uh because oddly enough when i was a
couple months ago is
all we did was play pokemon cards and
i've kept this deck
because if i'm ever feeling really adhd
i play with this deck and i just do this
and i think it almost like makes me
focus more because there's something
distracting me
i don't know i feel like a kid with
booboo keys but it i mean it does work
no no my friend you have just on your
own
discovered what's that
this one of the sanskrit words for
meditation
oh you've essentially discovered the
essence of meditation
all on your own without anyone teaching
you
it's re it's really a beautiful
discovery and i think your answer is
going to be right there
because you've learned how to focus
right so your mind is what it is we can
get upset about
whatever but what happens when you start
shuffling your pokemon cards
i it
[Music]
i don't i don't i don't know how to
describe it i don't know why it works
but it just does like when i play with
things it just makes me
focus more that i don't and i don't get
why so
the sanskrit the the yogi's had a word
for things like pokemon cards and that
strap
that word is alambana alambana means
support
so what they realize is that they're
like supports
for meditative practice and focusing the
mind
essentially i don't know exactly how
they figured this out but it must have
been some guy with adhd like yourself
who made an interesting observation
which is that when we have something
that sort of
demands our attention and we are kind of
fiddling with it
somehow that actually focuses it's like
this is the way i want you to think
about your mind miss gif
you've got a certain amount of ram the
problem is that you've got too much ram
for your own good
and then what happens is like you want
to be at 130 capacity all the time
and so like you've got these five or six
different processes that are going and
what you really need to focus
is something to take the excess mental
energy off
yeah and if you can offload some of that
excess mental energy
then you'll actually be able to focus
um
and that's you know it's interesting
when i when i'm doing speed running so
i don't know if you watch but i do a lot
of mario now when i i speed run
i actually feel more focused to my chat
than i do when i'm sitting full cam
talking to them
yep because it's almost like that fidget
thing that i'm playing with
is in a game yeah
so that's the alumna so as long as you
have
one thing so this is the way that i want
you to kind of think about it like
you run too fast for your own good so
what we need to do
is not and this is the real problem with
people with adhd is that they think that
they're like
stupid or something your problem is not
that your mind is too weak your problem
is that your mind is too strong
so in order to slow you down what we
need to do is like stick some weights on
your back we're gonna give you a
backpack full of bricks
and this is also the kind of thing where
like one of my teachers once taught me
this which is that i was failing when i
was doing like
one thing so in college i started
getting just straight f's like f-bombing
less than 1.0 gpa
i think my first semester of college and
so then my i was doing a bunch of [ __ ]
and then my dad was like you know cut
out all the extracurriculars don't run
for student government just focus on
your classes
and then i focus on my classes and my
gpa got worse
and then he's like okay like let's take
half a regular course load so like i'm
not doing any extracurriculars
not doing anything else i'm just going
to take like i'm going to be a half time
slow
you completely froze to me uh oh gg
yeah where'd i lose you there we go oh
and your camera looks so much better
do you remember where we were in the
story yes you
were saying how when you were a kid
you're
um when you were a kid you're
uh your dad told you to
when you're in college to not do all the
extra correct
all the extracurricular yep
extracurriculars yeah
and then you you stopped taking your
extracurricular activities and then you
did worse
yep and then then the next semester i
took like half a regular course load
and i still did worse and so one of my
one of my teachers i went to india then
and decided to become a monk and all
that good stuff and one of my teachers
was telling me that like
taking half a normal course load is a
terrible idea that
in order for my mind to be at peak
efficiency i need to be juggling
multiple balls
and so i think you're someone who's the
same way msgif
where like if your mind is actually
juggling multiple things you're going to
actually perform
even better and you just need
what can i do with that what how can i
be more present
you know like that like that that's my
real problem because i
i like i wish
you know like when you're eating food at
like a sushi restaurant or something
and it's like so good i don't i don't
feel that as much as like i feel like
everyone else does because i'm like
sitting i'm like i'm not enjoying this
as much as you are like
it's it's just food to me like and
that's why i'll eat literally almost
anything is because i just
to me it's just food when like people
like enjoy the tastes
and i feel like they're just there in
the moment and they're able to enjoy
that
taste and for me i can't do that i've
never been able to really enjoy it
and i that's what i really wish i could
fix is the feeling of
not being in the moment okay so
i think we can at least start you on the
road to that today
so two things that i would recommend one
is um and i'm happy to
send you one if you don't have one or
can't find one you have a set of prayer
beats
no okay so a couple things we can do
one is that i would recommend a practice
which is that you carry some prayer
beads around
and whenever you want to that is going
to be the thing that you distract
yourself with
it's going to be an alumna okay
so like what i want you to do is like
use a set of prayer beads
and if you want to i'll give you like a
mantra like a mantra or something like
that too
which is like something that you're
going to repeat to yourself as you use
the prayer beads it's going to be the
same thing as the pokemon cards
or the belt or whatever else does that
make sense
so a prayer beads it's not to pray it's
to
no it's not just to hold to hold and to
use
so i want you to repeat something to
yourself this is if you want to okay so
what i'm saying is that
instead of using random alumnis to use
one alumni and to use it over and over
and over and over and over and over and
over again
um that makes sense like a fidget thing
there's like a lot of fidget adhd toys
on on yep
exactly just like a fidget thing now
there is a particular tradition which
would argue that if you chant a
particular month or you use the set of
prayer beads
that it is superior to other kinds of
fidget things
i'll try it okay so that's one option
and so what i want you to do is just use
that as the excess ram
buffer so any amount of excess energy
that you have
you can go ahead and use that you can
carry carry it around with you you can
keep it on your wrist
the next time you eat sushi i want you
to pull it off your wrist
and then do that with one hand while you
eat the sushi with the other
i'm gonna look like i'm like like i'm
like
doing an exorcism off of my sushi but
i'll do it
try it and see what happens right so let
me ask you this if you were doing poke
if you were shuffling your pokemon cards
at the table
while you know your girlfriend fed you
sushi
do you think it would taste better
honestly probably yeah as weird as it
sounds i mean
that's why when fidget spinners came out
and people were like oh haha like this
is a funny
thing i was like this is sick
because it actually did help i remember
i had it in the hospital i'm like this
is cool because it actually
worked for me yeah um so that's
it made me feel more in the moment
i i didn't i didn't i wasn't aware that
you were in the hospital by the way but
um and then oh yeah it was
[Music]
it was it was when i i was in the
hospital for uh
i i have our condition you have what
a heart condition okay yeah it's called
viral myocarditis it's uh
because i took all my adderall for six
years and then
uh my heart got really weak and when my
heart got really weak
i started taking adderall or well that
made no sense
um i took out of all my heart got really
weak i
apparently they say i drank pool water
or something and it was contaminated
gave myself a virus in my heart and it's
there forever
and then one day while i was uh with my
friends the heart
virus came out more and i got really
really sick
uh it's hard to hear that man no yeah
it's fine i mean
i had a fidget spinner so it's okay
you said i thought you said something
about depersonalization
oh insane i i've always had
depersonalization issues
but i i think a lot of people with adhd
do it's just like um
i never feel like i'm really there it
goes back to that i just never feel like
i'm
it i i literally feel like
every day my life
it's just like
a wise man named john cerca says that
you know my life is like a movie but
for me my life feels like a movie where
i feel like i'm
not really there and i i think it's also
been personified over the past
couple years because i was once a twitch
viewer right it's all i did i just sat
there i watched twitch eight hours a day
nine hours a day i didn't type but i
just watched twitch
and over the past few years obviously
the growth has just been going up up up
up right
and um i
i think i used to say to myself when i
was in my and and
back in when a couple years ago i would
be like
man if how does justin bieber feel like
life is real
you know like how does he not feel like
that his life is
like fake or that it's some kind of like
[ __ ] because this dude's
you know got millions of dollars
everyone knows his name why him you know
same with these streamers why them and
then it makes me think like
uh i i always had to see personalization
issues but i think it's got even worse
now because it's like
why me with this massive growth of
twitch
and i don't get any of it and it makes
me feel like almost
like i like why like does that make
sense
yeah it makes a lot of sense yeah
so this is kind of going to be weird but
um you know we can talk a little bit
more about the depersonalization in a
second
the second thing that i'm going to ask
you to do is to go one level meta
so if you can't enjoy the sushi can you
at least be
present with your scattered mind
that's hard too what do you mean by that
i like as we're talking right now
it's it's just i don't know like it's
almost like there's layers
of different things that i'm think
down here like let's say up here is
present time right
and like there's just layers of stuff
that my brain is just constantly
thinking about it's not just like one
thing
right now i'm thinking of camp laszlo
and mitch jones
okay i don't know why okay biscuit
perfect so let me ask you something
how are you aware that there are layers
um because
i i guess like over like
thinking of it about it over i mean i've
had it for so long i've just thought
about it it's just
you know the idea of some things are
much more apparent in my mind right now
like i was like this is like layer one
when like layer four is like
camp laszlo or mitch jones yeah so so
you say you've thought about it sort of
right so let's be clear on
on what that means and i'm going to put
something forward because i could be
wrong here
but what i would say is that what you've
thought about is making
sense of your experience
but there still remains the fact that
you are the
the raw data of different layers of
consciousness
are there so there's still a part of you
that like is observing the surface
thoughts the deeper thoughts and like
the subsurface thoughts
yeah it feels like yeah it's like i'm
here like looking down my layers i don't
know it's so it's so complicated
yep but i i do feel like i'm like
looking at my layers so then
so let me ask you something what is the
you who is doing the looking
in that moment
like my i guess
i feel like this is an sat question i
don't know
it's it's it's what just what do you
think it is just start talking
you're more right than you realize um
when you say is right it's like
i i guess it's it's it feels like it's
probably me right
like my body and then my brain
is like the layers yep
right so i would describe it yeah so
let's just so that's a beautiful way to
put it so i'm gonna
rephrase a little bit so what you're
saying is that there's something i'm
gonna call your brain your mind
okay because you can't really see your
brain what you can see is your mind
which is like your thoughts
and then i'm i'm i'm so we're just going
to say that there's something
outside of your mind that is observing
the actions of your mind
and whereas most human beings are sort
of just aware of one layer of their mind
right like so
even if we think about something like
subconscious processing like
i'm gonna go to sleep one night i'm
gonna worry about a problem and then
when i wake up
i have no conscious recollection of it
but my unconscious is kind of working on
it and then eventually i'll come to an
answer
does that make sense
sorry okay so like most human beings are
not aware of their subconscious
processes
whereas you are oh god
that makes sense right so like let's
think about someone who's like
getting cold feet before a wedding and
they wake up the morning of and they're
like you know what i can't go through
with it
even though on the surface they've been
like planning their wedding for the last
60 days
subsurface there's been some like
churning of thoughts and feelings that
they've been completely unaware of which
is why
how they got to wedding day in the first
place but then they wake up on the day
of the wedding they're like [ __ ] it i
can't do this this person isn't right
for me does that make sense
yeah but i and i'm able to
see those layers yeah that doesn't make
sense
and so the interesting thing there is
that like if we think about someone
who's absorbed in sushi
they're just absorbed at the surface
layer of mind whereas your problem is
that
your attention is fractured by like all
of these other layers of mind that
you're observing
so what can i do it's a good question
so the first thing is can you sit with
the part of you and be present with the
part of you that
notices the fracturing
so you're saying that you're you're my
your life is like a movie
movie right and you're watching
can you be present in the and you're
looking at someone watching like you're
you're watching a movie of someone
eating sushi and you're like man like
that person on the screen is really
enjoying the sushi but i can't taste it
sitting in the theater
that's what your life is like right yeah
and so then the question is can you sit
with the person who's in the theater
fully
like fully be able to like back up and
see everything
yeah or just sit with the observer
it's so hard i've tried i've tried
everything i i've
i have tried everything when it comes to
this stuff i don't know
sure i guess i feel like i have no i
believe you
i think you've i think you've come a
very long way on your own and without
any help yeah
and i i think it's gotten worse it's
only going to get worse
for to and trying to not
trying to be like in the theater rather
than
it's it's it's honestly going to get
harder for me or it's gotten harder
because
like i mean i don't think technology
really helps i mean like there's like
seven different
monitors and like six cat cams or
whatever like there's a billion
different things that just draw your
attention as well so it's even harder to
feel like you're present or
harder to really understand your
emotions um
what i've noticed the best way to do it
is i is and to really understand what
i'm thinking about is to almost
i close my eyes a lot to understand it
so that way i'm not looking at anything
and the only thing i could possibly
focus on
is my brain or my mind
okay let me just think about this for a
second
if you have to close your eyes i get it
no so uh actually um misc if i'm like
you
and i need my i need the random sensory
input
from my eyes to offload my access ram
so it actually helps me to have eyes
open and like look at all kinds of
random things
sometimes my patients think i'm not
paying attention because my mind has to
just like
look around at random [ __ ] um that's
interesting yeah for me
it's the more random should i look at
the more i start thinking of random
stuff and the worse it gets if i close
my eyes
and i'm able to like i mean there's
there's nothing i can look at
right when my eyes are closed um
so it's a lot easier for me to think in
my mind
or try to understand or be more present
but i don't want to be blind
um yeah so it sounds like it's very hard
for you to sit with
just sitting in the theater yeah can you
start everywhere can you be present in
the theater
i'm not talking about being present with
the sushi i'm talking about being
present
with the thing that notices that you're
not present with the sushi
i don't think i've ever been present
anywhere okay
okay so you also
sound kind of hopeless to me yeah
kind of
hey i don't know i just did i
i i feel like i've tried this for so
long and i actually was excited as a kid
to grow up because i was excited that
hopefully adhd would get less
and like not as bad but it just stayed
the same and
um i feel like
i've tried so much are you still taking
stimulant medication if you don't mind
oh no no i stopped that years ago uh
like three years ago i can't uh
because my heart condition i wasn't able
to take adderall yeah
so how do you think what do you think
has happened to your attention since you
stopped the medication
uh it's gotten worse but what's crazy is
even when i was on the medication it's
not like i was like
wow like this is what real life feels
like i almost like was still
on the outer scope of myself and i'm
like inside a robot suit and the robot
was able to do everything but i was
stuck inside the robot
suit just watching myself do all the
work
um i didn't feel really even present
while on adderall i just felt like
i was able to work this is gonna be hard
but just stay with me okay
so here's the problem so you're inside
the robot suit
and what you're trying to do is grasp
the full experience of the robot
yes right so what i'm telling you to do
is instead of even trying to grasp the
full experience of the robot
grasp the full experience of the dude
inside the robot suit
so you want me to instead of trying to
yeah
so instead of trying to instead focus
yeah just focus on the inside not on the
outside yep so like i know this is gonna
sound weird
but instead of saying oh man i wish i
could really enjoy this sushi right now
say to yourself oh look i'm someone who
can't enjoy the sushi right now
that sucks
that's what it sounds like i completely
agree
it does suck
but this that this kit this is going to
be hard but follow me okay
because you're not enjoying the sushi
anyway so you're not a problem
the problem here is that you've got two
things working against you one is that
you can't enjoy the sushi
and the second is that you beat yourself
up for not being able to enjoy the sushi
yeah i all the time i even while
everyone else is enjoying the sushi i'm
so it adds another like think of the
layers it adds another layer what i'm
saying myself
like i'm already thinking of jimmy
neutron you know
mitch jones dancing add another layer
the other layer is
wow now everyone is enjoying the sushi
and having fun and i'm sitting here
in my own head and i can't think of
anything okay so let me ask you a wild
question
which of the layers do you think
interferes with your enjoyment of the
sushi the most
uh the one that's at the top which is
one
i mean they all do to a sense but
definitely the one where i'm not
i'm thinking to myself about all the
other layers and i'm like damn
that top layer i'm like i can't enjoy
this [ __ ] um
yeah so just think about that for a
second what i'm telling you to do
is accept that you can't enjoy the sushi
because the problem is that when you
beat yourself up for not enjoying the
sushi
it creates tension and a rift in your
mind
tension and rift in internal warring in
the mind is the very
opposite of mindfulness it's the very
opposite of presence
when you're warring with your mind
you're not present at all
so the issue is how how do you get rid
of that top layer
how do you get rid of beating yourself
up for not like it's kind of like a
self-defeating prophecy because you're
not enjoying the sushi so you beat
yourself up and by beating yourself up
you're not unable to enjoy the sushi
because that's the top layer of mind
yeah i feel
that's crazy i almost want to draw this
out because i feel like
hmm i wish i had like a piece of paper
go get your paper in a pen
just like last time bro go i'm going
[Music]
now we're getting somewhere
okay
all right so i got this
because i feel like chat or that and
people in general are not to understand
we're talking about
pretty much how it feels is let's say
this is me
right obviously my legs are a little bit
shorter but
this is how my mind feels it's like
there's layers
and this and let's say everyone is up
here enjoying sushi
having fun i feel like
most people maybe have like one or two
layers of issues
or things that they're thinking about
when for me
or someone with adhd it's like we have
you know five different layers
of problems like down here is just a
you know a random song over this one
is just like camp laszlo for some reason
i don't know why but i'm just randomly
thinking about it
and these are all constantly switching
around with my thoughts
all the time and it's just constant but
then
but the more the layers go up the more
that it's prominent in my mind at the
time this number one
is usually why can't
i'm terrible at writing i be
present and that's caused
because of all these other layers
that are making me not present so what
you're saying is instead of caring about
why can't i be present
focus on these these layers
nope that's not what i'm saying what i'm
saying
is be present with layer number one
so be present here yeah just sit with
yourself and acknowledge
oh miss gif is someone that cannot enjoy
sushi alas
i am cursed so be it look at everyone
else enjoying that sushi and here i am
being unable to enjoy it
because of the activity of my mind i
want you to be the person
in the audience who is watching the
movie where the dude is not enjoying the
sushi
because the problems huh the movie sucks
i don't want to do that
there's your problem so it sounds to me
like you've tried everything
under the sun except this
yeah so here's what you need to do to
move past it mischief
you need to grieve and i think that
you don't know how to grieve and the
reason that you don't know how to grieve
is because your mind from a very very
young age
taught you how to forget
and that's why you don't remember
so when something bad happens to you
your mind
is a survival mechanism has learned how
to forget
yeah and so what you need to do is
learn how to sit with your inability to
sit with something
and so you can still be present see like
i think this is
really good it's hard don't get me wrong
this is like
this is like the silver bullet okay and
there are going to be easier ways that
we can get you to this remember i told
you about the mala first
but if you can learn how to sit with
your inability to sit with something
what you're still doing is learning how
to sit with something
to be present with your scattered mind
yeah i i will uh so you're saying
i have always been trying to figure out
how to stop these layers
when i should realize by now
that's not gonna happen and what i
should focus on instead of
you know that is
just focus on the fact that i can't this
is
this is what yeah so i know it sounds
weird
but this is what you're trying to do so
like my kids the other day i
i told them that they were in the bath
and i told them hey i want to show you
something really cool but the water in
the bathtub has to be still
and so they're playing in the bathtub
and i'm like the water in the bathtub
has to be still before we put this boat
in the bathtub
and so what they try to do is push the
waves down and what happens when they do
that
they wait push the waves yeah down
yep they create more waves absolutely
wow that was a very beautiful way of
saying it so
here you are with the top layer of your
mind
trying to push all of the waves of the
other or the other part of the mind down
push it down baby you guys [ __ ] stop
with camp laszlo i'm trying to enjoy
sushi here
[ __ ] camp laszlo and that creates
tension in the mind
that creates a war in the mind and then
you wonder why you can't enjoy
sushi yeah
so a calm mind can enjoy things and the
problem
is that at the top the biggest thing is
why can't i be
present and what i'm telling you if you
want that to go away
accept it it'll melt yeah maybe you're
right because i i feel like my whole
life is just
it literally this is what it feels like
all the time and what's odd
is whatever i have and this is what i
think some people might understand
like let's say if i have a toy that i'm
playing with in my head
that this whole thing goes from like
five layers to just kind of almost
one or two which is toy
and then thoughts and then maybe
maybe another layer which is just like
camping
like okay okay so misskip this is
important
when you play with the toy you're not
fighting anything yeah
that's what reduces the number of layers
you're removing tension from the mind
you're offloading energy instead of two
parts warring with each other
one of the armies goes off and
spins a fidget spinner and when it goes
off
and spins a fidget the tension in the
mind reduces you remove the excess
energy and your mind is left in a calmer
state
it's almost like when your kids instead
of fighting the waves
they're just playing with the boat the
waves calm down
absolutely absolutely
so i need more toys
so the mala is one toy that you can
train to use so that
other so a couple of principles here
sure you need more toys
but there is a there's a hypothesis that
you can actually
level up with one toy and that the more
you level up with that toy
the stronger it becomes at like reducing
different layers of your mind
yeah i agree i i think uh
a good adhd toy would be nice and yeah
i i think that that makes a lot of sense
is
if i'm able instead of trying to fight
the waves just go with them
or and and the waves will melt
because if you're trying to fight waves
you can't fight the wave like
i and you're right whenever i'm in this
moment of like my friends enjoying sushi
i'm always
mainly thinking about like [ __ ] i'm not
enjoying this
at all i am not enjoying the sushi
they're enjoying it that's why it tastes
so much better to them than me
and that these problems still happen but
this one is
so prominent if i just you know
be in my mind instead yeah it can make a
big difference
let me ask you what hap the harder you
try to enjoy the sushi what happens
i the less i enjoy it because i'm
overthinking absolutely
so if the harder you try to fight it the
less your enjoyment happens what i'm
telling you to do is [ __ ] embrace it
baby
sit with yourself being unable to enjoy
it it's the
going to the opposite end of the
spectrum because the more that you add
energy to your mind the greater the
conflict is going to be
you're just pumping energy into this
existing pattern of conflict in your
mind
i won't fight it i won't fight it
anymore
i will play that episode of camp laszlo
that's been in my head
it's gonna be tough because your entire
life you have learned your mind has
become habituated to fighting it
yeah it's so bad it's all i think about
so it's i'll think about it even while
i'm streaming i'm like
why am i not like everyone's like watch
a video
and and everyone's like oh but this
happened this video and this i'm like
but miss gif bro do you get it so you
say that i do this all the time my mind
does it all the time
exactly why do you think you can't be
present ever
the two go hand in hand
yeah what are you fighting in your mind
when you take a piss when your bladder
is full
nothing there's your presence
so from now on instead of trying to
fight this
just relax and i'll relax
and i'll i'll i'll understand i will be
instead of fighting it i will go with it
which is the exact opposite yeah that's
why i've never been able to enjoy it so
instead of fighting why can't i
embrace it because it's never going to
change i'm 25 years old
and i obviously have never it's never
been able to change
embrace the fact that i can't be present
and just not be present be the guy in
the movie theater that's sitting there
be the guy that's watching everybody
else it is what it is
and that is the most present that i'll
be able to feel is because
that is who i am right yes beautiful
but toys would be good yeah so i want
you to draw an eyeball
at the top right of your board
yeah it doesn't have to be so far up but
sure
okay so this is the other thing i want
you to notice is that this eyeball
is looking at your mind right so
layers one through five and layers one
through three there is an observing
capacity the eyeball is the dude in the
theater
do you understand that yeah so what i
want you to do is
sit with the eyeball sit with the dude
in the theater
and then miss gif i'm gonna let you in
on a huge secret bro
you are watching the one movie where you
can actually taste
a little bit of the sushi
that sounds nice right
now be you know be careful because you
can fall into the same trap with
relaxing you said i'm just gonna relax
because then when you try to relax what
are you gonna do
to yourself what's your mind trained to
do
freak out yes
it's going to say oh my god miss give i
should be relaxing
why can't i relax god damn it relax
so then what you sit with is oh look
this guy on the screen is freaking the
[ __ ] out because he can't chill
this [ __ ] dude sucks for him
yeah oh you're right so i gotta focus
this eye which is me
and then hopefully more the toys i do
think the toys really do help something
to fidget with really just make a
massive difference
yep yep yep and i think that's really
good i think that actually helped me a
lot
one thing i've also noticed that helps a
lot with my depersonalization or not
feeling like i'm really there in the
moment
is touch like i will i will literally
sometimes
like i i so i was with my brother and
you know what you're actually 100 right
i was at my brother's house in jersey
and um
i was trying to force myself to enjoy
the moment because i'm so
adhd that i was like [ __ ] i am not
enjoying this moment as much as i should
i should be relaxing with my brother
that i haven't seen in so long
and just hang out with them and i
couldn't do that because the whole time
i'm thinking to myself
[ __ ] i need to relax which resulted in
the me
messing with the waves and not enjoying
it um
and what i've noticed what helped me a
little bit
is when i touched the railing at his
house it's gonna sound so weird
i started touching his railing that
sounded really weird
and um when i when i
held on the railing it the touch of
something
actually made me he's not my step bro
don't worry the the
touch of the railing made me come back a
little bit to reality
um and i also think that it was not just
the touch maybe
feel more in the present but it was also
kind of counting as a toy
because it was like yeah it almost comes
goes that toy factor
which made me feel more present yeah so
so this is
exactly because the touch is an alumni
what happens is when you touch
and you focus on the touch the excess
energy of your mind goes into your sense
of touch instead of fueling your
conflict
yeah and the moment you stop fueling
your internal conflict you start to feel
better
so just embrace it right so
and yeah i think the thing with the
relaxing is true because i think a lot
of people
in general and me too as well i'll be
sitting there being like ugh
time to relax but like i'll almost be
like oh my god i only have two hours to
relax i have to start then you start
freaking out you're like
[ __ ] i gotta relax yep yep
if i don't go to sleep now i'm going to
be tired in the morning oh [ __ ]
i better go to the start freaking out
yeah if i if i sleep now i'll still get
four hours of sleep
oh [ __ ] now i'm not even gonna get four
hours of sleep
yep it's tension fuels the conflict of
the mind
a relaxed mind and a relaxed mind
happens through acceptance so
don't get me wrong miss gif what i'm
telling you to do in a
sit with the eye is very hard yeah
this is why it's actually fascinating to
hear you say this because
there are literally books on meditation
which describe
all these techniques that you have
discovered
closing of the eyes reducing your
because you've done both where you
reduce your sensory input
and you focus your sensory input on one
thing
and i would venture that when you touch
the railing you see less
and then if you touch the yeah it's cool
like
like misc if i don't think you're cursed
i think you're gifted it's just the
problem is that you just don't know it
yet
i know i'm gifted for sure i mean i i
know there's a gift with adhd
adhd is a blessing and a curse it's a
double-edged sword i mean you you're
definitely a more creative person your
mind is definitely all over the place
and you get more creative and you're
more sporadic and um and then all that
jazz
but there's a curse to it too where it's
your
your own worst enemy and you're
constantly having to deal with these
problems
yeah so i think that that's it's a good
way of looking at it because i think at
the end of the day there's no such thing
as a gift and there's no such thing as a
curse you just are what you are it's it
is what it is
right and if we kind of extend that
thinking
you know you are what you are and if you
can't enjoy the sushi you can't enjoy
the sushi sucks for you
yeah so be it
i'm never having sushi again
why not
can't enjoy it well i can't i can't
enjoy it
because like you said it is true it's
not like it's not like i'm like
tasting the sushi and i'm like there's
nothing there's no taste but it's like
not as much just like how much everyone
else experiences it they feel like
they're
fully there i feel like i'm like 10
there 15
when everyone else is like oh wow this
is so good i'm like
missing the point mischief you've got to
have sushi
and not enjoy it if you never have sushi
again you're not accepting it
yeah you're right never having sushi
again is sitting firmly within layer one
of your mind
you see that yeah
you've got to order it and not enjoy it
do you want to see my presentation hell
yeah baby
you don't it's terrible this is like
something that someone with adhd made
i'm telling you
it looks really really good yeah this is
adhd intrusive
but this actually really helped me out a
lot i i do feel
um i i feel like it's gonna be hard for
some people to understand this but it
makes perfect sense to me
it's like i am the eye and these are all
my layers of thoughts
i have some random song playing in my
head i have
camp laszlo's theme song playing i have
mitch jones dancing you know
all these layers of things that feel
like a kaleidoscope is constantly in my
head
and i'm never gonna be able to change
that ever um
and toys do help for sure but the number
one problem with the number one layer
is me questioning why this is happening
why can't i be present and what dr k is
saying
is uh you know
to in order to to understand yeah you
can't be present you're never going to
be
fighting it's only going to make it
worse you might as well ride the wave
that you have you're
you're not going to ever be that fully
present person it's just not going to
happen
you have adhd it is what it is go with
it
rather than fight it because if you
fight it it's only gonna make it worse
not only you're gonna have a layer of
why can't i be present you're gonna be
having a
like you know trying to fight these
waves which is impossible to do
just like last time this gif beautiful
summary
i literally could not have said that
better myself
and the problem is you know it's not a
problem but i already forgot what i said
but you know what
i think it's okay so this is this is my
favorite part of interviews with you
miss gif is like
we've been at this now for an hour and a
half
yep yeah
where was your attention there
honestly
ever since i started grabbing this and
ever since i started doing this
it's been much more here yep
well played sir yeah you can get there
so the first thing that i want you to
appreciate miska for the last thing i
suppose so i think it's like it's a
great summary i
don't think we should you know keep
talking because i think you did it
is that attention can fluctuate
right yeah so you're talking about being
yep
and so like we don't know if you can
ever be fully present
but we know you can get more present and
that's enough
we're not going to attach ourselves to
being fully present because that's going
to create an expectation
it's going to create tension in the mind
it's going to create disappointment
yeah it's making me go backwards rather
than even
exactly remotely forwards but we can
have hope because today you've
demonstrated to us that you've figured
out some ways
for your mind to be more present
and we absolutely start with the toy
because that's the first step
and this this last thing that i this i
think i'm telling you
that's the last step it's the most
difficult step
yeah but it's the one that once you
learn how to do that
you're [ __ ] set bro i agree
now
last thing i don't think we should talk
about it today but i would encourage you
to think a little bit about one more
thing which is that we can
if we ever do you know we talk again in
a year um
this whole thing about you forgetting
everything and whether there really is
something to
you forgetting you know did you need to
learn how to forget
i don't know i don't i don't think so i
think the problem with me forgetting a
lot is just
when i was a kid all i thought about was
what's the next joke
so i was never really present um okay
it's not even that i forgot it was never
even in my mind because
i never really was enjoying the present
because of a lot of these layers
and you can add another layer which is
trying to make a joke um
and because of that i never really got
to enjoy moments i was more
so focusing on what do people think of
me you know what's the next thing i
could say
do these guys like hanging out with me
do these guys think i'm fun what can i
do to make them more
involved or like me more rather than
thinking to myself
of wow this is fun to hang out with and
this is fun to do
it was more so me thinking about trying
to make sure that everyone was enjoying
my presence
yeah yeah
i thought of that before yeah i i think
we've talked a little bit about it run a
bell
but cool man any last questions for me
or any other thoughts
no you're doing a great job bro so are
you we love what you do
oh my god someone is gifting just [ __ ]
loads of subs
yeah i got a twitch prime about 12
minutes ago so we're on the same boat
what nothing i think you have adhd
no dude like someone just gifted like
200 subs to
oh really yeah it's this anonymous
and anonymous gifters man and then
everyone is
talking about dodged and then someone
says someone donated 100 subs
and then people were like dodged dodge
dodged and then this guy
all right i assume the same person i
don't know if it's the same person and
then they'd gifted another 100.
jesus christ yeah i got a 12 month sub
about two minutes ago
yeah so we're both we're all doing
really well and we should be proud of
ourselves
i'm proud of you bro looks like your
furniture's here
chompy i don't know where he is no
that's not my furniture that's my
girlfriend
kind of similar oh
tell her i said hello my he says hi
she says hello yeah i i learned a lot
i'm gonna get
uh the toys um and i'm going to try
i i know what to do i'm not gonna try to
fight it because i i
totally agree with you and it's by far
the worst layers when i try to fight it
it is
the worst layer um when i try to fight
this
problem i had it it almost shadows all
the other thoughts and just me thinking
why
can't i enjoy the moment so i'm going to
stop doing that
and i'm just going to enjoy them and and
try it and embrace the fact that i can't
and i'm going to you know get a toy and
just
it's a beginning and hopefully from
there maybe i start meditating
uh do yoga i do i do think working out
definitely has helped me a lot
i need to start doing that for sure and
um
that sounds like a great idea but yeah i
think those things probably
will help out but it's a start you can't
because like what you said
you can't go to 100 it's not gonna
happen you have to take time
and slowly get results so
yeah and if you if you don't have a set
of prayer beads and you decide that you
want to go down that road
let me know and i'll i'll send you a
pair okay okay
if i can't find something good that i
like as a toy i'll just ask for the ball
is in your court bro
okay so you you let me know okay well
thanks a lot man this was
as always phenomenal phenomenal thank
you dr k
i appreciate it you helped me a lot i
think you're gifted at
explaining actually which makes this fun
for me you're gifted at listening and
you're gifted and explaining so it's
it's cool
like it's it's terrible i i don't know i
think i think if you go back and you
watch the vod
i think that your diagram is going to
make a lot more sense than
i think you've been taught that you know
people can't understand your mind but i
think it's actually a very eloquent way
of describing your mind so
thank you for doing that oh thanks take
care man
all right bye doctor k adios dude
dude that guy's next level man i'm
serious